We are all here for the culling.

Discord guiding our unity.
Chisel down the rock, wielding instruments taken from the fallen.
They used to talk, "we will conquer with the masses, passing onto every generation."

Bludgeoning, raping, and pillaging.
Summon all the anger, the misery, and the heartbreak.
We must take it back, we can't take this anymore.
Igniting the torches, raising pitchforks.

Stepping off the dead.

Leave no stool, no leg unturned.
Leave their pallid flesh indiscernible.
Breathing from the teeth, they're weak.
Bright to bleak, they seek mercy from us all.

They take. You take. We take. I take.

They don't let us off easy.
We won't let them off easy.
A hanging child in the eye of the suppressed.
A bloody drop on every cheek of the oppressed.
We are Death to the Death-bringers.

40 in the back room, 20 down the street.
10 more grasping at our uncalloused feet.
Wish us away and we will press down harder.
We won't yield until the field is (blood-soaked).

Piece by piece we will tear this fucker down.
The light set ablaze, burn the ring, burn the crown.
Let it be our own little burial ground, move.
Prisms and shapes let all the symbols turn to waste.
We'll let the Gods seal their fates.

It is time to choose between the Moon and the Sun, we are One.

Time like pages ripped from a book, seamless and elegant.
The wind like time passes through the endless rain.
My life, our lives, have come to be forcing the.
Founder of our lost souls just as lost.

I can fight between sand and shore.
My knees and feet, they're weakening, ripping the tyranny from its core.
(Are you ready to fight?)
We will fight between sand and shore.
Our hands and feet, they're weakening, receding from the pull of the ocean floor.

"Oh fearless leader won't you carry us from evil?
Or will we revel in the iron and metal?
Or take to flame as every woman and child are finally settled and are forced to bear witness to this sickness.
Our whole sad existence was due to vicious and unrelenting religious fiction."

How will it feel when it's all said and done?
The smoke clears.

The crown is thrown into the pit.
At which it once settled on.

And all this ash is lining the walls of my lungs.
And it is time for revocation, vengeance pulsing through our tear-ridden eyes.
I will be your demise.

I am not worthy of your allegiance.

60 in the back room, 40 down the street.
30 more clawing at my uncalloused feet.
Wish me away and I will press down harder.
I won't yield until the field is...
